7.4.22

  okay so I'm going to try to keep up and update this as much as possible... I was never good at keepin journals but hopefully learning to code and being on Github may
help me maintain this journal. My goal is to keep up this blog until University or even longer, it really all depends on my commmitment to the computer. So my main
way of learning code is from Codecademy, I bought a whole years worth of membership so I have all the courses unlocked and all the resources I may need to become a
competent solo coder/ whatever. I'm also pretty hesitant on writing very personal stuff, I'm really not sure how to blog/journal, so I'll just make my situations
really vague or discreet and just divulge my current mood.

    So my progress so far, I just started my C++ Beginner course two days ago on Codecademy and reached 30% completion. I already ditched Python and Java because they were
  too boring of a language, just gonna go back to it later in life. Right now I think my biggest challenge is to decide what I'm going to do after summer and after
  high school. I really want to meet up with someone after high school very far away, but right now it doesn't look solid. I've made my life plan to be with them and to
  study my way up, but I really don't know what to do right now. It all looked good from my view and I can wait, but I'm afraid they can't wait. They let it known they 
  couldn't wait for me, but yeah. Just have to think about it a little more and see where I go from here. Honestly, I feel very lost without them and I don't want them 
  to wait for affection, but in the same time i wish they would just promise me something sweeter that I can look up to so I can keep going on. This is the first time
  I really saw a difference between us, I'm going to quit talking about this for now. 
  
    My experiences so far in code has shown that C++ is way more exciting of a language to me and more engaging somwehow, I don't know but just the lines of code and 
 simple memorization I needed to strive is amazing. So for now I'm just going to pursue C++ as my main lagnuage and once I get a good foot hold on it I'll branch out
 to different languages. My goal for now is to make a personal website before summer ends and to master a language, might be hard but I have a feeling I'm up for the 
 challenge. So coding a website will probably take a combination of C++, HTML, and designs. I am not a good designer lmao but I know someone who is so once everything
 is solid I'll get help for final touches. The website will probably contain socials, clips, and my journaling of course. Not sure what I'm going to do for the domain
 though, well another question to add to the pile for the future. Time just sucks, and I've always been bad at reading people, so that just means I'll have to spend more
 time observing which I can do.... maybe.
 
    I've also noticed during my lessons that I cannot focus with music playing in the background which is odd, usually music boosts my focus a little which may seem odd
  but it truly helps during school work and practice, but with code it feels like I can't even read it when something is playing. So I'll just have to code in silent I
  guess, for now.
  
    Right now it's 1:02 am pst and I need to go to bed, but I feel like I won't get much. I'm going to stay up and watch over someone while they're zzz because tonight
 I feel like they might be prone to night terrors. Just yeah, I really do wish they were stronger and more like me but I feel really gross just saying that. It would 
 just promise my future a brighter future, and I don't want to lose the light I have with them already. I want them to wait for me, but I also want them to keep loving
 me more than just a friend. This all got so complicated because of human nature, I hate when my emotions get out but I can't help it around her. Which is a good sign
 I feel that I found a good person.
 
                                                                                                                                                                 - jj
